models/door_rabbit/README.md, before:

# Door rabbit model

## Preview

![Door rabbit model - preview](door_rabbit-preview.jpg)

## Stats

| Mesh       | Original | Reduced | Reduced | Reduced   | Reduced   |
|------------|----------|---------|---------|-----------|------------
| Faces      | 23386    | 4000    | 4000    | 4000      | 4000      |
| Vertices   | 13963    | 4270    | 4270    | 4270      | 4270      |
| Format     | obj      | obj     | ply     | ply (bin) | nxs       |
| Size       | 2230 KB  | 526 KB  | 523 KB  | 264 KB    | 267 KB    |
| Size (zip) | 1144 KB  | 271 KB  | 262 KB  | 253 KB    | 267 KB    |
| Download   | [zip](/../../raw/main/models/door_rabbit/original/obj/door_rabbit-original-obj.zip) | [zip](/../../raw/main/models/door_rabbit/reduced/obj/door_rabbit-reduced-obj.zip) | [zip](/../../raw/main/models/door_rabbit/reduced/ply/door_rabbit-reduced-ply.zip) | [zip](/../../raw/main/models/door_rabbit/reduced/ply/door_rabbit-reduced-ply-binary.zip) | [nxs](/../../raw/main/models/door_rabbit/reduced/nxs/door_rabbit.nxs)

> Note: Reduced versions use smaller texture (```1024x1024```, while the original uses ```2048x2048```).

## Notes

The mesh has some geometric deformations and isn't closed (the rabbit doesn't have a butt).

## About the model

The model is actually a door stop I have once bought in a mall. Considering the fact it was captured by a phone (using the free 3D Creator mobile app from Sony) and after only few minutes of effort, the result isn't that bad. Since the rabbit sat on the table during the capture, its butt couldn't have been scanned very well, so I decided to remove it completely from the mesh.

## License

You can do whatever you want with the model.

Commit message:

docs: update notes in door_rabbit README
Mentioned that one side of the model is darker.

models/door_rabbit/README.md, after:

# Door rabbit model

## Preview

![Door rabbit model - preview](door_rabbit-preview.jpg)

## Stats

| Mesh       | Original | Reduced | Reduced | Reduced   | Reduced   |
|------------|----------|---------|---------|-----------|------------
| Faces      | 23386    | 4000    | 4000    | 4000      | 4000      |
| Vertices   | 13963    | 4270    | 4270    | 4270      | 4270      |
| Format     | obj      | obj     | ply     | ply (bin) | nxs       |
| Size       | 2230 KB  | 526 KB  | 523 KB  | 264 KB    | 267 KB    |
| Size (zip) | 1144 KB  | 271 KB  | 262 KB  | 253 KB    | 267 KB    |
| Download   | [zip](/../../raw/main/models/door_rabbit/original/obj/door_rabbit-original-obj.zip) | [zip](/../../raw/main/models/door_rabbit/reduced/obj/door_rabbit-reduced-obj.zip) | [zip](/../../raw/main/models/door_rabbit/reduced/ply/door_rabbit-reduced-ply.zip) | [zip](/../../raw/main/models/door_rabbit/reduced/ply/door_rabbit-reduced-ply-binary.zip) | [nxs](/../../raw/main/models/door_rabbit/reduced/nxs/door_rabbit.nxs)

> Note: Reduced versions use smaller texture (```1024x1024```, while the original uses ```2048x2048```).

## Notes

The mesh has some geometric deformations and isn't closed (the rabbit doesn't have a butt). Also, one side of the mesh is darker than the other one.

## About the model

The model is actually a door stop I have once bought in a mall. Considering the fact it was captured by a phone (using the free 3D Creator mobile app from Sony) and after only few minutes of effort, the result isn't that bad. Since the rabbit sat on the table during the capture, its butt couldn't have been scanned very well, so I decided to remove it completely from the mesh.

## License

You can do whatever you want with the model.
